<div align="center">
    <h1>Round 2</h1>
    <p>Day 4</p>
    <sub>
      Author: <a href="https://github.com/yrnmsk" target="_blank">Andre Barcala (Youka)</a>
      <br>
      <small>July 8, 2022 - Friday</small>
    </sub>
  </div>

[<< Day 3](day003.md) | [Day 5 >>](day005.md)

### Today's Progress:

- figma and webdesign. not really progress, but, i explored a lot about web design and ui/ux design as well as design trends and found lots and lots of inspiration.
- learned a lot about ukulele chords lmao, ukulele looks cute and smol as hell.
- also played guitar for like 30mins and experimented about other strumming patterns.
- cleaned my room

### Notes:

- i slept last night about 1am, so i naturally woke up this day by about 12pm. sleep sched still focked up, and yea, no, i dont think id bother fixing my sleep sched and stress myself out again with it.
- a bit productive today, but at the same time, also unproductive. feels weird and counterintuitive.

### Thoughts:

- spent a lot of time on guitar as well as ukulele today.
- after cleaning my room, i took a long bath, which caused me even more upper back and lower back pains.
- i dont think i shouldve cleaned since it cost me like about 2 hours, and took a long rest while im bathing lmao.
- we also went out on a private and small family dinner to celebrate my birthday which is tomorrow, early. tho we will also have another separate official celebration tomorrow.
- not much progress for today, maybe tomorrow too
- also due to back pains, i feel like i nerfed myself or something. hope this back pains wont continue until tomorrow or i swear id break something and scream

[<< Day 3](day003.md) | [Day 5 >>](day005.md)
